Ok guys. 
There have been a few major changes in the last little while ( Appart from mandy handing leadershp over to Shep, and let me assure you, mandy is still verry much apart of SWO )
One of those changes has been the "management" system ( Thanks to iRzilla! =D )

This system involvs:
	Each different type of lua file ( Server, Client, and shared files ) has its own folder. Place all respective scripts in 	those folders ( They will automatically be included, and in the case of shared and client files, Downloaded )

	More organisation: No longer is the main folder spammed with 40+ files

	Overall betterness!

All i can think of at the moment, sorry
More updates soon

..MGinshe..

oK guys, time to get our shit together
Foss is doing SWEPs ( veryy nicely, might i add )
MGinshe is doing Gamemode coding
Im gona break this down into sections

Teh key:
	Urgency flags:
	U means Urgent, we realy need this done
	N means Needed, somewhere between NU and U
	NU means Non-Urgent, Not REALY needed, but would be nice if someone did somethig about it
	SP menas Side-Priject, The is to be done last, as the gamemode will be fine without it
	CE means Core, Core gamemode componentes. These files come before everything, as the gamemode
		will not work without them
	CT Means Content, For example, the pression system might be done, but lacking and Professions to
		actually use, thus marked as CT
	Difficulty flags:
	VD means Verry Dificult, don't try this unless yuo ae confident you CAN do it.. these scripts may 
		require editing of core files, and generaly take more time, so only start what you can finish
	D meand Difficult, same as VD except the size of the actuall script will be smaller smaller, and taking less 
		time to complete
	M means Moderate, moderate Lua knowlege, long time to complete. 'Nuff said.
	LM means Low Moderate, same as M, except the size of the actuall script will be smaller smaller, and taking less 
		time to complete 
	E means Easy, may take a while to complete, but won't be verry hard
	VE means Verry Easy, Wont take much time at all, and will be verry simple. Bored? Knock one of these off the list


----- SWEP Coding ( ill let Foss fill this in ) --------
	Info:
	( Some info.. idk )
	SWEP base:
		( Whatever progress you have made on the base's )
	Idk whatever you feel is needed :)

----- Gamemode Coding -----------------------------------
	Info:
	Stuf. I supose me ( MGinshe ) a iRzilla are the only coders atm ( then once Foss has finished some
	SWEPs him too, and Shep when he can be farked :P )
	Professions: N M
		We realy need this done, as it has been talking a while. I ( MGinshe ) will
		start on it.. meh
	Jobs: SP VD
		I just came up with this but a system to include jobs
		Will be f***ing hard, as it will require SNPCs be coded to pop a menu or something ( or some other way to give you jobs.. )
		or perhaps a way to hook jobs onto SNPCs? o.O
	Quests: N M
		A way to hook Quests onto SNPCs, then make 'em work. I can't think of anything ( IF anything ) else to say.
	SNPCs: U VD
		We need SNPCs to be chatable ( Use them, and pop a menu somehow includeing all the hooks ( E.G the Quest hooks, and job hooks )
		And for all the hooks, they need to be acessed through chat ( perhaps loaded through some text files? S: )
		If you don't understand ( Which you probibly don't ) then don't worry.
	Uhh.. Gamemode core: CE VD
		Idk.. someone else post any ideas


